=encoding utf8


=head1 NAME

x11log - A tiny, non-privileged, unobtrusive local/remote keylogger for X11

=head1 SYNPOSIS

x11log [-sfrhHPdqoO?]


=head1 DESCRIPTION

x11log is a free (GPLv3) keylogger for the X Window System. It's main intent
was to be able to run without root privileges. It is unobstrusive, shows a low
memory footprint, and allows local (file) and remote (to any TCP listener, e.g.
netcat or a HTTP server) logging.
x11log can be run in daemon mode and obfuscate/change it's own program name
in order not to raise suspicion in logs and process managers.


=head1 COMMAND-LINE OPTIONS

If x11log is started without arguments, the process will not daemonize and
echo keystrokes on stdout (regardless whether the terminal it is running in
has the focus or not).

=over

=item B<-s DISPLAY>

X-Display to use, default is :0.0

=item B<-f LOGFILE>

Log keystrokes to file instead of STDOUT. Text is appended, logfile created if it does not exist.

=item B<-r HOST:PORT>

Log keystrokes to remote host. The other end needs a program listening on the specified TCP port (e.g. using BSD netcat: 'nc -p <port> -k')

=item B<-h HOST>

Log keystrokes to webserver within HTTP requests headers.

=item B<-H HOST>

like -h, but without buffering.

=item B<-P>

use POST instead of GET requests.

=item B<-d>

Daemonize (requires -f or -r or both).

=item B<-q>

Be quiet (no output to console).

=item B<-o>

Obfuscate process name in process table.

=item B<-O NAME>

Rename process to given argument.

=item B<-?>

Print usage.

=back


=head1 AUTHORS

B<Erik Sonnleitner> (es@delta-xi.net) 2007 - 2013.

x11log is hosted on launchpad at http://launchpad.net/x11log

=head1 BUGS

There are currently no bugs I'm aware of. If you choose HTTP logging, make sure
your server is okay with very frequent requests from the same source (enabling
buffering via B<-h> is recommended.

If you find any bugs, please report them at B<https://bugs.launchpad.net/x11log>


